A giraffe standing in a zoo enclosure on splayed legs.
a couple of surfers at the beach trying to surf
Two green signs that are above a street.
A painting of President Obama holding a phone in an office.
A horse that is strapped to a chain.
A person on skis jumps down a snowy hill.
A man is skateboarding on a ramp in a basement.
A man on red skis on a icy mountain look towards another mountain.
A black and white photo of an airplane being loaded
Multiple kites fly over a steady calm ocean.
a black and white cat is laying on top of a toilet
a man that has a suite and tie on
a kitchen that has a stove and a icebox
A sad brownish-black horse in a field looking away.
Artist painting plates and bowls behind a glass
the bus is red and everything else in black and white
A commercial airplane with the door open and people walking in.
A dog looking up in at a frisbee.
a close up of a plate on a table
A red and black train traveling through a grass covered countryside.
The people are trying to load the surf board in the car.
Red double-decker bus moving in between city streets. 
A plate filled with vegetables and greens covered in sesame seeds.
A hamburger and fries sitting on wax paper.
A group of people stand and talk on a path.
a women that is eating some kind of sandwich
a very tall tree in the field with nice flowers
A woman that is standing near a cow.
A woman sitting on a bench with a book.
a fire hydrogen that is in the middle of some snow
Meat and carrots wrapped in aluminium foil displayed on plate.
The top of a cats head peaking above some covers and behind it a full bookcase.
Party of people in canoes going down a river while site seeing.
Two glasses of wine, two hot dogs and some tater tots.
This is a picture of a turkey sandwich with pickles.
A plate of food including fries and mac and cheese.
a tall house with a clock near lots of trees
Large wedding cake with buttons being cut by two people.
people walking across a busy nighttime street with red stop lights
Meat with sauce and vegetables displayed on white plate.
A few people are doing something at this point that is darting. 
Baked pizza slices on metal serving pan with cheese and vegetables.
an image of a dog riding in the car with its head out the window
A group of people riding a bus down a street.
The two young women walk with opened umbrellas.
There is a street sign and a stop light.
A man stands and airs up his bike.
Birds are lined up across a bench as a duck sits underneath.
A tiny chair and pieces of broccoli on a white surface.
A person that is eating some food on a table.
a group of cars parked outside a building with signs on it
The girl is holding pans of half empty pizza. 
A bald man in black glasses sits on the couch reading a book with his Irish Setter behind his back with its head on a pillow. 
A work area with an outside door at night.
A man is standing with his canoe by the lake.
Small boy standing on skateboard inside the house
A bus, riksha, and two men on a scooter all on the same road. 
The president and a man sharing one hot dog
A table filled with miscellaneous items from books to electronics.
A group of women eating pizza at a dinner table.
Two elephants walking next to a rock wall with trees painted on it.
A Siamese cat laying on top of a computer.
a dog sits lonely in a window in a gray house
A dining room filled with tables and chairs and lighting.
A plate topped with green broccoli, corn and rice.
a green crate holding lots of over ripe bananas 
A sliver bullet train on the train tracks.
A kitchen that has various paintings on the walls and a large fish aquarium against the wall.
A train going over a bridge with a boat in the water below. 
An elephant reaches its trunk out of the water.
A pug dog laying down wearing a pirate's hat
A bus is traveling down a country road.
A bench in the park on a rainy day.
BACON BETWEEN A SPLIT YEAST DONUT ON PAPER PLATE
One cheese pizza cooked and sliced on a pan.
some tables chairs a yellow rug and some monitors 
Desktop and laptop computers on tables in a room.
A small pizza sitting on top of a pizza pan.
A left handed pitcher throwing for the San Francisco Giants.
A person sitting on the ground with a snowboard on their feet
A close up of a girrafe bending its neck
a thin crust pizza with some veggies on it 
A man skating down a sidewalk on a skateboard. 
A woman playing tug of war with a frisbee and a dog.
A white bird walking along the sand at the edge of the ocean's beach.
A lovely kitchen with off white cabinets and white appliances
A empty living room that has couches and a television.
A orange tabby cat lying next to a bottle of Cabernet Seuvignon. 
A man riding a red scooter down the street.
An line of people stand in front of their propped upright surfboards.
City buildings are colorfully decorated with advertisements and people walk through crosswalks with umbrellas.
Two people paddle their surfboards over a wave.
A young tennis player is sitting down holding his racket. 
A red and white sign warning of not traffic signal.
A sign pointing to eight different locations in a town.
A group of kids standing together with umbrellas.
a black plate with green and fruits and cheese
A airliner pulled up to the gate for loading and unloading of passengers.
a man in a suit riding in a car
A giraffe is licking behind the head of another.  